     How do we use the information we collect? 
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
     We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and make them better, develop new products, and protect Pinterest and our users. For example, we may log how often people use two different versions of a product, which can help us understand which version is better. 
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
     We also use the information we collect to offer you customized content, including: 
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
     
     
      Suggesting pins or boards you might like. For example, if you've indicated that you're interested in cooking or visited recipe websites that has Pinterest features, we may suggest food-related pins, boards, or people that we think you might like; 
     
      Showing you ads you might be interested in. 
     
     
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
     Learn more about how we use information from outside of Pinterest to customize your Pinterest experience. 
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
     We also use the information we collect to: 
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
     
     
      Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like repins or comments, happens on Pinterest), newsletters, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you. For example, depending on your email notification settings, we may send you weekly updates that include pins you may like. You can decide to stop getting these updates by updating your account settings (or through other settings we may provide). 
     
      Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we may help your Facebook friends find your account on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or, we may allow people to search for your account on Pinterest using your email address. 
     
      Respond to your questions or comments. 
     
     
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
 We may use or store information wherever Pinterest does business, including countries outside your own. 

