We may use Account Information, alone or together with other information, to enhance and improve the Services, such as by personalization. We use your age to verify that you can lawfully use the Services. We use your email address to verify your Account and to communicate with you, as described in more detail below. We also allow users to look for their friends by email address; you can, however, opt out of email lookup through your Account Settings.

After you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your content to that service when you ask us to. 

To the extent we obtain such information, we may use it to develop new Services or to improve or enhance the Services.

We use information about native actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly, to personalize your Tumblr experience. Personalization using this information may include presenting you with new posts relevant to what you've liked, providing you with better search results, and showing you advertising more relevant to your interests.

This information allows us to improve the Services and provide additional features and functionality. 

We do not, however, store that financial information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the " Payment Processor "), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor's applicable terms of service and privacy policy (the Payment Processor may also have other terms, and you are responsible for locating and familiarizing yourself with those terms, as applicable).

We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and identity theft.

We use internal tools (from both Tumblr and Yahoo) and third party applications and services (like Google Analytics or comScore) to collect and analyze this information. Some of this information may also be associated with the Internet Protocol Address (" IP Address ") used to access the Services; some may be connected with your Account; and some may only be collected and used in aggregate form (as a statistical measure that wouldn't identify you or your Account). 

We may use this information about how you and others interact with the Services for a number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam, malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe; and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in "Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others."

  We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it.

We use web browser-related information to enhance and improve the Services.

We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services for you, for example by showing you relevant local content.

We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor authentication for Account login. 

We use cookies and web tags to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use the Services, as described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services." Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that personally identifies you, and we don't combine the general information collected through cookies with other such information to tell us who you are. However, we do use cookies to identify that you have logged in, and that your web browser has accessed the Services, and we may associate that information with your Account if you have one. 

This information, in turn, is sometimes used as described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services." 

Cookies and web tags also let us learn how people use Tumblr, which in turn helps us make a better product for you to use.

Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists. For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services. As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can "follow" their blogs. 

We won't look at (or be able to look at) your contact list unless you ask us to. Why would you ask us to? Because that's how you would find out if any of your contacts are on Tumblr. We discard this information immediately afterward. 

As described above in "Native Actions" and "Information Related to Use of the Services," we analyze your actions on the Services in order to derive or infer characteristics that may be descriptive of your Account (for example, what kinds of blogs you follow or what kinds of posts you view, like, or reblog). We use this information for all of the purposes set forth in "Information Related to Use of the Services," above.


