Twitter / Twitter Privacy Policy 
  
 
 

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  

  
 

 

  
  
  
  
  

  
   

 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
  

  
   
  

  
   
   
   
    Settings 
    Who to Follow 
    Help 
    Sign out 
      
   
  

   


  
  



  
 Skip past navigation 
 On a mobile phone? Check out m.twitter.com ! 
 Skip to navigation 
  Skip to sign in form 
 

 
 

  
    
  
  
     
   
   












 Twitter Privacy Policy 

 Twitter instantly connects people everywhere to what's most meaningful to them. Any registered user can send a Tweet, which is a message of 140 characters or less that is public by default and can include other content like photos, videos, and links to other websites. 

 
 Tip What you say on Twitter may be viewed all around the world instantly.
 

 This Privacy Policy describes how and when Twitter collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. Twitter receives your information through our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, and ads (the " Services " or " Twitter ") and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use Twitter from our website, post or receive Tweets via SMS, or access Twitter from an application such as Twitter for Mac, Twitter for Android or TweetDeck. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Twitter to use your information in the United States and any other country where Twitter operates. 

 If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@twitter.com or here. 

 Information Collection and Use 

 
 

 Information Collected Upon Registration: When you create or reconfigure a Twitter account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing lists, do not require registration. 

 Additional Information: You may provide us with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, your location, your website, or a picture. You may provide information to customize your account, such as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Twitter. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. Your privacy settings control whether others can find you by your email address or cell phone number. You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find Twitter users you know. If you connect your Twitter account to your account on another service in order to cross-post between Twitter and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. Learn more here. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional. 

 Tweets, Following, Lists and other Public Information: This includes not only the messages you Tweet and the metadata provided with Tweets, such as when you Tweeted, but also the lists you create, the people you follow, the Tweets you mark as favorites or Retweet, and many other bits of information that result from your use of the Services. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. 

 Location Information: You may choose to publish your location in your Tweets and in your Twitter profile. You may also tell us your location when you set your trend location on Twitter.com or enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You can set your Tweet location preferences in your account settings and learn more about this feature here. Learn how to set your mobile location preferences here.  

 Links: Twitter may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means.  

 Cookies: A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies ">here. 

 Log Data: Our servers automatically record information (" Log Data ") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your Twitter account to authenticate to a third-party website or application, or visit a third-party website that includes a Twitter button or widget. 

Widget Data: When these websites first load our buttons or widgets for display, we receive Log Data, including the web page you visited and a cookie that identifies your browser (" Widget Data "). Tailored content is stored with only your browser cookie ID and is separated from other Widget Data such as page-visit information. This feature is optional and not yet available to all users. If you want, you can suspend it or turn it off, which removes from your browser the unique cookie that enables the feature. Learn more about the feature here. For Tweets, Log Data, and other information that we receive from interactions with Twitter buttons or widgets, please see the other sections of this Privacy Policy. 

 Third-Parties: These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. If you prefer, you can turn off tailored ads in your privacy settings so that your account is not matched to information shared by ad partners for tailoring ads. Learn more about this setting and your additional Do Not Track browser option here. 


 Information Sharing and Disclosure 

 
 Tip We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here.
 

 Your Consent: We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your Twitter account. 

 Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and abroad. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. 

 Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Twitter's rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information. 

 Business Transfers: In the event that Twitter is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. 

 Non-Private or Non-Personal Information: We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public Tweets, the people you follow or that follow you, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did). 

 Modifying Your Personal Information 

 If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. 

 You can also permanently delete your Twitter account. If you follow the instructions here, your account will be deactivated and then deleted. When your account is deactivated, it is not viewable on Twitter.com. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. After 30 days, we begin the process of deleting your account from our systems, which can take up to a week. 

 Our Policy Towards Children 

 Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@twitter.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens here. 

 EU Safe Harbor Framework 

 Twitter complies with the U.S.-E.U. and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website. 

 Changes to this Policy 

 We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at https://twitter.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @Twitter update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

 Effective: October 21, 2013 

 Archive of Previous Privacy Policies 

Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please, let us know. 


   
    
  
 
  Footer 
  
  
  
   (c) 2014 Twitter 
   About Us 
   Contact 
   Blog 
   Status 
      Resources 
      API 
      Business 
      Help 
   Jobs 
   Terms 
   Privacy
