label_none Flickr  	 	 				 			 			         Home    Mail    News    Sports    Finance    Weather    Games    Groups    Answers    Screen    Flickr    Mobile    More                        Celebrity        Shine        Movies        Music        TV        Health        Shopping        Travel        Autos        Homes                                          Yahoo Company Info                                                      Search Web                         Sign In      Mail  Go to Mail.

label_none " data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'>      Help           Account Info    Help         Yahoo          			 			        Home  Products  Topics  Privacy Tools  Help        					 				  Flickr Yahoo Privacy Policy > Yahoo Privacy Policy > Flickr 	 				 Email 				 Print 	 			  	 Yahoo Privacy 	 To find out how Yahoo treats your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy.

label_none This page describes current Yahoo practices with respect to this product.

label_none Information on this page may change as Yahoo adds or removes features.

label_none Relevant Advertising 	 By bringing content and advertising to you that is relevant and tailored to your interests, Yahoo provides a more compelling online experience.

label_none Our customized "smart" services save you time and cut through the clutter.

label_none Learn More about relevant advertising.

label_none Yahoo Social Bar Activity 	 Please read our FAQ to learn more about Yahoo Social Bar Activity, or visit the Yahoo Social Bar Activity Help pagesif you have additional questions.

label_none Opt-Out 	 Prefer not to receive advertising based on your interests?

label_none Learn about your ability to opt out of interest-matched advertising served by Yahoo.

label_none Flickr 														 Flickr is a photo sharing community which provides you with an easy way to post and share photos online and add meaningful metadata and comments to photos.

label_none You do not need to be registered to search or view public photos on Flickr, however you must be a registered member of Flickr or Yahoo to post.

label_none Account Information   In Profile Privacy, you can control who is able to see different parts of your profile, including email address, IM names, real name, and current city.

label_none In your Account Settings, you may also hide photos or your profile from searches on flickr.com as well as from searches on 3rd party sites that use the Yahoo API, including Yahoo Image Search.

label_none Information Collection and Use Practices   In your Privacy Settings, you can choose to make your photos default to public for anyone to access, restrict access to a limited number of other Flickr users, or keep those photos private so only you can access them.

label_none On each photo page, you will also find more granular controls to change each photo setting.

label_none Advertisements shown to you may be related to textual information, such as metadata and notes, associated with the photo you are seeing, or the search term you entered.

label_none Location Information and Sharing   When you upload a photo with geographical data (i.e.

label_none from a mobile device) or manually geotag your photo, the photo's location can be shown on a map.

label_none You can also set your geopreferences to decide who can see the location of your photos by default.

label_none Further, you can change the geopreferences setting on individual photos by clicking on the map to the right of each photo.

label_none EXIF Data   o	You may elect to hide a link showing EXIF data about photos or video you upload.

label_none The link, where applicable, shows on all your individual photo pages, and displays the make & model of the camera you used to take the shot.

label_none Unless you turn off EXIF data on your camera or device or remove it from the picture before uploading to Flickr, Flickr receives and stores EXIF data, but will not display that information if hidden.

label_none Some cameras can store GPS (location) coordinates in a photo's EXIF header.

label_none If you like, you Flickr can import that data and use it to place your photos on your map automatically.

label_none Geofences   A geofence is a hotspot on a map that has special default geo privacy settings.

label_none These are useful for locations such as "home" or "school" that you would like to make more private than your global default.

label_none Click here to create your geofences.

label_none Information Sharing and Disclosure Practices   In your Privacy Settings, you can choose to make your photos default to public for anyone to access, restrict access to a limited number of other Flickr users, or keep those photos private so only you can access them.

label_none On each photo page, you will also find more granular controls to change each photo setting.

label_none You may link your account to Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or other sites to link your photos directly to other social sharing sites and blogs.

label_none Your Guest Pass history allows you to manage Guest Passes you have created for sharing your photos with others.

label_none On the desktop Flickr experience, you may give certain Yahoo apps (including Aviary, ImageKind, and Moo) different levels of permissions to interact with your account to take advantage of things like photo editing tools.

label_none If you want to stop using one of these apps and revoke your permission, click the"Remove Permission" link under " sharing and extending " on your account page and remove that permission.

label_none Practices Regarding Your Ability to Update or Delete Information   You can delete individual photos that you have on Flickr by selecting the photos that you wish to delete, then clicking the delete button.

label_none Or you can delete groups of photos using batch operations.

label_none Visit your Flickr account information to edit your profile, default privacy settings for photos, and more.

label_none Communication   Flickr communication is currently managed separately from your Yahoo Marketing Preferences and Subscriptions.

label_none Visit your Flickr account information area to edit your email notification settings.

label_none Other   When you use Flickr, you are subject to the Yahoo Terms of Service, Flickr ATOS, and the Flickr Community Guidelines.

label_none Please see Flickr Help if you have questions about this service.

label_none This page describes current Yahoo practices with respect to this particular service.

label_none This information may change as Yahoo revises this service by adding or removing features or using different service providers.

label_none To find out how Yahoo treats your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy.

label_none Copyright (c) 2014 Yahoo!

label_none Inc. All Rights Reserved.

label_none Privacy | Legal

