label_none Privacy Policy - Policies & Principles - Google        Policies & Principles Skip to content    Overview  Privacy Policy     Privacy Policy Self Regulatory Frameworks  Key terms  Updates    Privacy Policy  Last modified: December 20, 2013 ( view archived versions ) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content.

label_none When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier.

label_none As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.

label_none Our Privacy Policy explains:  What information we collect and why we collect it.

label_none How we use that information.

label_none The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.

label_none We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first.

label_none Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page.

label_what Information we collect  We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online.

label_none We collect information in two ways:   Information you give us.

label_none For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.

label_what When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card.

label_what If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.

label_none Information we get from your use of our services.

label_what We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content.

label_what This information includes:   Device information  We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).

label_what Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.

label_what Log information  When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.

label_what This may include:  details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.

label_what telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.

label_what Internet protocol address.

label_what device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.

label_what cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account.

label_what Location information  When you use a location-enabled Google service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.

label_what We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.

label_what Unique application numbers  Certain services include a unique application number.

label_what This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.

label_what Local storage  We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.

label_what Cookies and anonymous identifiers  We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device.

label_what We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites.

label_none How we use information we collect  We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users.

label_none We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads.

label_none We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account.

label_none In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services.

label_none If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.

label_none When you contact Google, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.

label_none We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.

label_none We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.

label_none For example, by saving your language preferences, we'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.

label_none When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.

label_none We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know.

label_none We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.

label_none We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

label_none Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world.

label_none We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.

label_none Transparency and choice  People have different privacy concerns.

label_none Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.

label_none For example, you can:  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard.

label_none View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web, such as which categories might interest you, using Ads Settings.

label_none You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here.

label_none Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals.

label_none Control who you share information with.

label_none Take information out of many of our services.

label_none You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us.

label_none However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.

label_none For example, we may not remember your language preferences.

label_none Information you share  Many of our services let you share information with others.

label_none Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google.

label_none Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.

label_none Accessing and updating your personal information  Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information.

label_none If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.

label_none When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.

label_none We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).

label_none Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort.

label_none We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction.

label_none Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.

label_none Information we share  We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:   With your consent  We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so.

label_none We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.

label_none With domain administrators  If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data).

label_none Your domain administrator may be able to:  view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install.

label_none change your account password.

label_none suspend or terminate your account access.

label_none access or retain information stored as part of your account.

label_none receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.

label_none restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.

label_none Please refer to your domain administrator's privacy policy for more information.

label_none For external processing  We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

label_none For legal reasons  We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:  meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.

label_none enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.

label_none detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.

label_none protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.

label_none We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers, advertisers or connected sites.

label_none For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.

label_none If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

label_none Information security  We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold.

label_none In particular:  We encrypt many of our services using SSL.

label_none We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account, and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome.

label_none We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.

label_none We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.

label_none Application  Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.

label_none Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services.

label_none Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.

label_none Enforcement  We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy.

label_none We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks.

label_none When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up.

label_none We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.

label_none Changes  Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time.

label_none We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.

label_none We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).

label_none We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.

label_none Specific product practices  The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:  Chrome and Chrome OS  Books  Wallet  Fiber         Good to Know   Our Good to Know site helps you stay safe and protect your family's information online.

label_none Visit to learn more   Our legal policies   Privacy Policy Terms of Service  FAQ   Some technical details   Technologies and Principles  Advertising  How Google uses cookies  How Google uses pattern recognition  Types of location data used by Google  How Google Wallet uses credit card numbers  How Google Voice works     Change language:  Afrikaans Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Catala Cestina Dansk Deutsch Eesti English English (United Kingdom) Espanol Espanol (Latinoamerica) Euskara Filipino Francais Francais (Canada) Galego Hrvatski Isizulu Islenska Italiano Kiswahili Latviesu Lietuviu Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Portugues (Brasil) Portugues (Portugal) Romana Slovencina Slovenscina Suomi Svenska Tieng Viet Turkce Ellenika B'lgarski Russkii Srpski Ukrayins'ka `bryt rdw l`rby@ frsy 'amaarenyaa mraatthii hindii baaNlaa gujraatii tmilll telugu knndd mlyaallN aithy hangugeo Zhong Wen  (Xiang Gang ) Zhong Wen (Jian Ti Zhong Wen ) Zhong Wen (Fan Ti Zhong Wen ) Ri Ben Yu    Google  About Google  Privacy & Terms

