label_none Privacy Policy                         About   Basics   Goodies   Careers   Team   Press   Blog             Terms of Service    Privacy Policy    Acceptable Use    Responsible Disclosure            Privacy Policy                                                             Thank you for using Pinterest!

label_none We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have.

label_none Because we're an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we've tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.

label_none We welcome your questions and comments on this policy.

label_none What information do we collect?

label_none We collect information in two ways:                                                        1.

label_none When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it.

label_none When you sign up for or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information.

label_what This can include your name, profile photo, pins, comments, likes, email address you used to sign up, and any other information you provide us.

label_what If you're using Pinterest on your mobile device, you can also choose to provide us with location data.

label_what You also may give us permission to access your information in other services.

label_what For example, you may link your Facebook or Twitter account to Pinterest, which allows us to obtain information from those accounts (e.g., your friends or contacts).

label_none The information we obtain from those services often depends on your settings or their privacy policies, so be sure to check what those are.

label_none 2.

label_what We also get technical information when you use our products or use websites or apps that have Pinterest features.

label_what These days, whenever you use a website, mobile application, or other Internet service, there's certain information that almost always gets created and recorded automatically.

label_none The same is true when you use our products.

label_none Here are some of the types of information we collect:                                                                                                   Log Data.

label_what When you use Pinterest or go to a webpage or use an app that has Pinterest features (like our "Pin It" button), our servers automatically record information ("log data") including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you're using it.

label_what This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web pages you visited that had Pinterest features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used Pinterest, and cookie data.

label_none Cookie data.

label_what Depending on how you're accessing our products, we may use "cookies" (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Pinterest account or your browser), or similar technologies to record log data.

label_what When we use cookies, we may use "session" cookies (that last until you close your browser) or "persistent" cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).

label_what For example, we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other Pinterest settings so you don't have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest.

label_what Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Pinterest account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.

label_none Device Information.

label_what In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you're using Pinterest on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you're using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.

label_none Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you're using and its settings.

label_none For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you're using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone.

label_none To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.

label_none How do we use the information we collect?

label_none We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and make them better, develop new products, and protect Pinterest and our users.

label_none For example, we may log how often people use two different versions of a product, which can help us understand which version is better.

label_none We also use the information we collect to offer you customized content, including:                                                                                                   Suggesting pins or boards you might like.

label_none For example, if you've indicated that you're interested in cooking or visited recipe websites that has Pinterest features, we may suggest food-related pins, boards, or people that we think you might like;            Showing you ads you might be interested in.

label_none Learn more about how we use information from outside of Pinterest to customize your Pinterest experience.

label_none We also use the information we collect to:                                                                                                   Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like repins or comments, happens on Pinterest), newsletters, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you.

label_none For example, depending on your email notification settings, we may send you weekly updates that include pins you may like.

label_none You can decide to stop getting these updates by updating your account settings (or through other settings we may provide).

label_none Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest.

label_none For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we may help your Facebook friends find your account on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest.

label_none Or, we may allow people to search for your account on Pinterest using your email address.

label_none Respond to your questions or comments.

label_none The information we collect may be "personally identifiable" (meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or "non-personally identifiable" (meaning it can't be used to specifically identify you).

label_none We use both types of information, and combinations of both types, as described above.

label_none We may use or store information wherever Pinterest does business, including countries outside your own.

label_none What choices do you have about your information?

label_none Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information.

label_none If you have a Pinterest account, many of the choices you have on Pinterest are built directly in to the product or your account settings.

label_none For example, you can:                                                                                                   Access and change information in your profile page at any time, choose whether your profile page is available to search engines, or choose whether others can find your Pinterest account using your email address;            Link or unlink your Pinterest account from an account on another service (e.g., Facebook or Twitter).

label_none For some services (like Facebook), you can also choose whether or not to publish your activity on Pinterest to that service.

label_none Create or be added to a secret board.

label_none Secret boards are visible to you and other participants in the board, and any participant may choose to make the contents of the board available to anyone else.

label_none For example, another participant may invite someone else to the board, make the board available to an app they use to view Pinterest, or even just take an image from the board and email it to their friends.

label_none For more information about secret boards, please visit our Help Center.

label_none Choose whether Pinterest will be customized for you using information from off-Pinterest websites or apps.

label_none If you have a Pinterest account and don't want your off-Pinterest data to be used to tailor your experience, you can visit your account settings and update your "Personalization" preferences.

label_none If you don't have a Pinterest account, or don't want us to customize Pinterest for you when you're signed out, you can opt out here.

label_none Also, we support the Do Not Track browser setting, and you can learn more about how it affects our collection and use of off-Pinterest data.

label_none Close your account at any time.

label_none When you close your account, we'll deactivate it and remove your pins and boards from Pinterest.

label_none We may retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (including to help address fraud and spam).

label_none In addition to the examples above, we offer other choices that you can learn more about in our Help Center.

label_none You may have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest.

label_none For example:                                                                                                   The browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage;            Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is shared with us.

label_none To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by the device or software provider.

label_none How do we share the information we collect?

label_none Pinterest is a tool people use to find their inspirations, make them a reality, and inspire others in the process.

label_none When you create public boards and pins, anyone can view them.

label_none You may also provide us with profile page information that that anyone can view.

label_none The other limited instances where we may share your personal information include:                                                                                                   When we have your consent.

label_none This includes sharing information with other services (like Facebook or Twitter) when you've chosen to link to your Pinterest account to those services or publish your activity on Pinterest to them.

label_none For example, you can choose to publish your pins to Facebook or Twitter.

label_none We may employ third party companies or individuals to process personal information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.

label_none For example, we may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at identifying spam or with our accountants to make sure we're keeping the books right.

label_none In addition, some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.

label_none For more information about the providers we use, please see our Help Center.

label_none If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.

label_none We may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy.

label_none We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners or others.

label_none For example, we may tell a business using Pinterest how many people repinned something they shared, or the percentage of people who click a on pin after viewing it.

label_none Our Policy on Children's Information                                                                                Pinterest is not directed to children under 13.

label_none If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us.

label_none How do we make changes to this policy?

label_none We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we'll post any changes on this page.

label_none If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.

label_none If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent as required by law.

label_none Pinterest is a tool for collecting and organizing the things that inspire you.

label_none We are located in sunny San Francisco, California.

label_none (c) 2013 Pinterest.

label_none All rights reserved.

label_none Company       About    Terms & Privacy    Copyright & Trademark    Responsible Disclosure    Help Center        Language         English (USA)    Dutch    English (UK)    French    German    Italian    Portuguese (Brazil)    Portuguese (Portugal)    Spanish    Spanish (America)             Directory       Pinterest for Business    Pinterest for Developers    Official blog    Business blog    Engineering blog    Careers            Elsewhere       Pinterest    Facebook    Twitter    Flickr    GitHub

