label_none Tumblr         Tumblr Follow the world's creators.

label_none Sign up Log in Cancel   Privacy Policy Last Modified: 2014-01-27  Tumblr, Inc. (" Tumblr," " we," " us," or " our ") takes the private nature of your information very seriously.

label_none Note that Tumblr was acquired by, and is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of, Yahoo!

label_none Inc. (" Yahoo ") as of June 19, 2013.

label_none This policy regarding our privacy practices (the " Privacy Policy ") describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit and use tumblr.com (the " Site ") and/or Tumblr's other domains, products, advertising products, services, and/or content, including our iOS, Android, and Windows Phone mobile applications (collectively with the Site, the " Services ").

label_none When you use the Services, you also consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy; please read it carefully.

label_none What This Privacy Policy Covers  This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information gathered when you are using or accessing the Services.

label_none This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any information about you that our partners share with us or that we share with our partners.

label_none This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own, control, or manage, including but not limited to any third party websites, services, applications, or businesses (" Third Party Services ").

label_none While we try to work only with those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we don't take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services.

label_none We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of all Third Party Services you access.

label_none Also: This Privacy Policy doesn't govern what our users do on their Tumblr blogs and we aren't responsible for the information collection and use practices of our individual blogs and bloggers.

label_none One of the great features of Tumblr's products is customizability, and bloggers have a lot of flexibility in how their blogs behave.

label_none When you visit a blog in our network, that blog may collect more information than we do, and may provide information to third parties that we have no relationship with, including to advertisers.

label_none What We Collect and How We Use It Account Information: When you create an account on the Services (an " Account "), we'll ask you for information such as your username, password, age, and email address (" Account Information ").

label_none We may use Account Information, alone or together with other information, to enhance and improve the Services, such as by personalization.

label_none We use your age to verify that you can lawfully use the Services.

label_none We use your email address to verify your Account and to communicate with you, as described in more detail below.

label_none We also allow users to look for their friends by email address; you can, however, opt out of email lookup through your Account Settings.

label_none You can keep yourself fairly anonymous on Tumblr, but remember that your posts, blogs, pages, and username are all visible to the public by default.

label_none People that know your email address can also find your blogs.

label_none If you'd rather be unlisted, head over to your Account Settings.

label_none Email Communications with Us: As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us.

label_none Administrative communications relating to your Account (e.g., for purposes of Account recovery or password reset) are considered part of the Services and your Account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.

label_none We also may send you other kinds of emails, which you can opt-out of either from your Account Settings page or by using the "Opt-Out" link in the emails themselves.

label_none Note that we will never email you to ask for your password or other Account Information; if you receive such an email, please forward it to us.

label_none We send two kinds of email: ones about fun stuff happening on Tumblr, and ones with important information about your account.

label_none You can opt out of the former, but not the latter.

label_none Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services: You can link your Account to certain Third Party Services.

label_none In order to do so, you may provide us with your username or other user ID for a Third Party Service, and you may then be required to log into that Service.

label_none After you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your content to that service when you ask us to.

label_none We do not receive or store your passwords for your Third Party Service accounts.

label_none Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you.

label_none Such information could include, for example, your gender, if you have disclosed that information to that third party and made it available for Tumblr to access.

label_none To the extent we obtain such information, we may use it to develop new Services or to improve or enhance the Services.

label_none When you connect other services to your Tumblr account, those services might share information about you with us.

label_none What gets shown to us is determined by their privacy policies, which are long and boring, but which you should probably read if you have questions or concerns.

label_none User Content: By default, all sharing through the Services is public, and when you provide us with content it is published so that anyone can view it.

label_none Although we do provide tools, like password-protected blogs, Asks, and Fan Mail, that let you publish content privately, you should assume that anything you publish is publicly accessible unless you have explicitly selected otherwise.

label_none Also, please keep in mind that anything you share privately with another user, particularly through an Ask, Fan Mail, or submitted post, may be posted publicly by that user.

label_none Content published and shared publicly is accessible to everyone, including search engines, and you may lose any privacy rights you might have regarding that content.

label_none In addition, information shared publicly may be copied and shared throughout the Internet, including through actions or features native to the Services, such as reblogging.

label_none At its heart, Tumblr is a public platform.

label_none Don't be afraid to share amazing things, but do understand that it can be hard to completely remove things from the internet once they've been reblogged a few times.

label_none Native Actions: The Services allow you to perform native actions that are integral to our products, such as liking a post, reblogging a post, replying to a post, and following a blog.

label_none Liking, reblogging, and replying are public actions - anyone can expand the "notes" view on a post, for example, to see who liked, reblogged, or replied to a post.

label_none We use information about native actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly, to personalize your Tumblr experience.

label_none Personalization using this information may include presenting you with new posts relevant to what you've liked, providing you with better search results, and showing you advertising more relevant to your interests.

label_none Reblogs, Likes, and Replies are a matter of public record, so if you're truly ashamed of your desires it's best to keep them to yourself.

label_none But why?

label_none Be proud of who you are.

label_none You're beautiful.

label_none We're looking you in the eyes and telling you how beautiful you are.

label_none Information About User Content: In some cases, we may collect information about content you provide to the Services.

label_none For example, when it's included as part of your images, we may collect information describing your camera, camera settings, or EXIF information.

label_none This information allows us to improve the Services and provide additional features and functionality.

label_none Financial Information: We will sometimes collect financial information, such as information related to your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information).

label_none This happens when you decide to purchase a paid Service.

label_none We do not, however, store that financial information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the " Payment Processor "), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor's applicable terms of service and privacy policy (the Payment Processor may also have other terms, and you are responsible for locating and familiarizing yourself with those terms, as applicable).

label_none We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and identity theft.

label_none Information Related to Use of the Services: We collect information about how people use the Services, including those with an Account.

label_none This type of information may be collected in our log files each time you interact with (i.e., make a request to) the Services.

label_none We use internal tools (from both Tumblr and Yahoo) and third party applications and services (like Google Analytics or comScore) to collect and analyze this information.

label_none Some of this information may also be associated with the Internet Protocol Address (" IP Address ") used to access the Services; some may be connected with your Account; and some may only be collected and used in aggregate form (as a statistical measure that wouldn't identify you or your Account).

label_none We also collect your IP Address when you make a post, particularly when you submit an anonymous "Ask.

label_none " We may use this information about how you and others interact with the Services for a number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam, malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe; and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in "Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.

label_none "  We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it.

label_none Information Related to Your Web Browser: We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, such as your browser type and version, what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your language preference, the website or service that referred you to the Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your screen display information, and information from any cookies we have placed on your web browser (as described below).

label_none We also sometimes detect whether you are using certain web browser extensions and store that information in a manner associated with your Account.

label_none We use web browser-related information to enhance and improve the Services.

label_none Location Information: In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation.

label_none We may also ask you to provide information about your location, for example to use your geolocation information from your mobile device to geotag a post.

label_none We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services for you, for example by showing you relevant local content.

label_none Tumblr may determine your location by using drone technology and live video feeds.

label_none Ha ha, no, we just check out your IP address or any location data you attach to a post.

label_none Normal stuff.

label_none Information Related to Your Mobile Device: We may collect and store information related to your mobile device.

label_none In some cases, we, or Yahoo (who we use for mobile analytics and other services), may receive, generate, or assign your mobile device a unique identifier for the purposes described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services.

label_none " We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor authentication for Account login.

label_none We will always ask you whether it's OK for us to collect and store your phone number.

label_none Information Collected Using Cookies and Web Tags: Cookies are text files that may be sent to and saved by your web browser when you access a website; your web browser stores these cookies in a way associated with each website you visit, and you can generally see your cookies through your browser settings, depending on what browser you're using.

label_none A web tag is code or a pixel embedded in a web page, or email, that allows Tumblr or a third party to see that you have looked at that page.

label_none We use cookies and web tags to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use the Services, as described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services.

label_none " Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that personally identifies you, and we don't combine the general information collected through cookies with other such information to tell us who you are.

label_none However, we do use cookies to identify that you have logged in, and that your web browser has accessed the Services, and we may associate that information with your Account if you have one.

label_none We may also store unique or near-unique identifiers that we associate with your Account in our cookies.

label_none This information, in turn, is sometimes used as described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services.

label_none " Most web browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your web browser) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.

label_none If you disable cookies, you won't be able to log into your Account, and so won't be able to use the vast majority of our Services; as such, we don't recommend disabling your cookies when using the Services.

label_none Some services that we use (including Third Party Services), such as Google Analytics and Yahoo Web Analytics, use web tags and may also place their own cookies on your browser, and individual blogs on our network may contain code that places their own cookies.

label_none We also run limited-time studies using web tags, sometimes with third parties, to, for example, measure the effectiveness of our advertising or email.

label_none Note that, unless otherwise disclosed, this Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties.

label_none Being able to log into your account is one of Tumblr's many great features.

label_none Cookies make this possible.

label_none Cookies and web tags also let us learn how people use Tumblr, which in turn helps us make a better product for you to use.

label_none Information About Your Contacts: Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists.

label_none For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services.

label_none As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can "follow" their blogs.

label_none We will give you a choice as to whether or not you provide us such information, and we will disclose fully, within the appropriate feature, how we use that information.

label_none We won't look at (or be able to look at) your contact list unless you ask us to.

label_none Why would you ask us to?

label_none Because that's how you would find out if any of your contacts are on Tumblr.

label_none We discard this information immediately afterward.

label_none Derived Information: As described above in "Native Actions" and "Information Related to Use of the Services," we analyze your actions on the Services in order to derive or infer characteristics that may be descriptive of your Account (for example, what kinds of blogs you follow or what kinds of posts you view, like, or reblog).

label_none We use this information for all of the purposes set forth in "Information Related to Use of the Services," above.

label_none With Whom Your Information Is Shared  We never share information we receive from you unless: (a) we have your permission to share that information; (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared, and with whom (such as in this Privacy Policy); or (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that does not identify you.

label_none Information Shared with and Received from our Corporate Parent: We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yahoo, and, as such, Yahoo may receive any information we do, and may share information it has with us.

label_none Yahoo may use the information it receives from us to help us provide, understand, and improve the Services (including by providing us analytics) and in connection with Yahoo's products and services (including by providing you with a more personalized experience).

label_none For details about how Yahoo treats the information it collects, please review Yahoo's Privacy Policy.

label_none Yahoo owns us and we share.

label_none Information Shared with the Public Through the Services: As noted in "User Content" and "Native Actions," above, by default, content published through the Services and many actions you take on the Services are shared with the public.

label_none Because this kind of information can be seen by anyone and may be indexed by search engines (like Google Search, or the far superior Yahoo Search), you should be careful about what you choose to disclose publicly and make sure it's information you want to share with everyone.

label_none The content you create on Tumblr is, by default, public.

label_none This means that anyone can see it, and that search engines can index it.

label_none If these things bother you, take a look at some of the additional privacy features we offer.

label_none Information Shared Between the Services: We may, if possible, aggregate information about your use of multiple Services and use that consolidated information to enhance and improve the Services, and to develop new Services.

label_none Information You Share with Third Party Services: You may access Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on externally-pointing links.

label_none You may also choose to share information that you provide to us, like blog posts, with those Third Party Services (for example, by sharing posts to Twitter or Facebook).

label_none This Privacy Policy only governs information we collect and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services' privacy policies.

label_none You can automatically publish the posts you make on Tumblr to other sites (like Facebook or Twitter).

label_none That's where our Privacy Policy ends and their policies begin.

label_none Make sure you're cool with the policies of any services you're considering sharing to before connecting them to your Tumblr account.

label_none Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: In some cases, we share information that we store (such as IP Addresses) with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other agents (" Agents "), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving the Services, and developing new products and services.

label_none For example, we may share information with service providers in order to fight spam, and third-party consultants may have access to information in the process of improving our processes and technology.

label_none Agents with whom we share such information for these reasons are generally bound by confidentiality obligations and, unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use information we share with them beyond the scope and duration of what is necessary to assist us.

label_none Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets.

label_none In these transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.

label_none Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.

label_none You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.

label_none Should we happen to get acquired (again!

label_none ) or go out of business (no way), the transfer of assets from us to our buyer may very well include user information.

label_none They are allowed to use it only in the ways outlined here, in the Privacy Policy you are reading right now.

label_none Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others: We believe in freedom of expression, and, to the extent reasonable, we try to protect our community from baseless legal demands.

label_none That said, we also reserve the right to access, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole discretion, to (i) satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or governmental order, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, trust and safety, or technical issues (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of improving security and preventing fraud, spam, and malware), (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property, health or safety of us, our users, any third parties or the public in general, including but not limited to situations involving possible violence, suicide, or self-harm.

label_none Don't make us narc on you.

label_none We don't want to.

label_none But we do need to protect everyone who uses Tumblr from harming us, each other, or themselves.

label_none We work hard to balance privacy and community, and we're sure you can appreciate the challenges in that, and the seriousness with which we take those challenges.

label_none Information We Share with Your Consent or at Your Request: If you ask us to release information that we have about your Account, we will do so if reasonable and not unduly burdensome.

label_none Information Shared with Other Third Parties: We may share or disclose non-private information, Aggregate Information, or other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that we do business with.

label_none The Security of Your Information  Your Account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security.

label_none We may enable additional security features in the future, like multi-factor authentication.

label_none You need to prevent unauthorized access to your Account and information by creating a unique, secure, and protected password and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account on the Services.

label_none We seek to protect your information (including your Account Information) to ensure that it is kept private; however, we can't guarantee the security of any information.

label_none Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.

label_none It's really important that you have a unique password for all of your accounts on the internet, including your Tumblr account.

label_none If you have trouble remembering passwords then you might consider using a service like 1Password or LastPass.

label_none What Information You Can Access  If you are a registered user, you can access most information associated with your Account by logging into the Services and checking your Account Settings page.

label_none Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.

label_none How to Delete Your Account and What Happens When You Delete Your Account  If you want to delete your Account, you can do so from your Account Settings page or by emailing us and providing proof of authority over the Account.

label_none What constitutes "proof of authority" will vary depending on the circumstances, but generally will require sufficient identifying information so that we can be confident you are the Account owner.

label_none Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information may not be immediately removed.

label_none In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public.

label_none You'll do great things on Tumblr, surely, but if it ever comes time to say goodbye, then you're free to delete your account at any time and for any reason.

label_none The deletion will be effective immediately, for the most part, but it might take a little while to scrub everything from our archives and backups.

label_none What won't get scrubbed are Reblogs of your posts.

label_none Those will remain on whatever blog reblogged them.

label_none Like we said before, it can be really, really hard to delete something once it goes out onto the internet, so be sure you're only publishing stuff that you're certain you want to publish.

label_none Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, using the process for modifications set forth in our Terms of Service.

label_none Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.

label_none Where to Direct Questions or Concerns  If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message.

label_none Link to Prior Versions  You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy below.

label_none We have stored these versions on GitHub, which will also allow you to compare different versions and see what terms have changed: http://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/privacy-policy.txt  About Apps Tips Logo Business Buttons Press Info Jobs Developers Terms Copyright Privacy Guidelines Security    (c) Tumblr, Inc.  Help About Apps Developers Themes Meetups Jobs Legal  Terms Copyright  Privacy   English Deutsch Fran&ccedil;ais Italiano Ri Ben Yu  T&uuml;rk&ccedil;e Espa&ntilde;ol Pusskii Polski Portugu&ecirc;s (PT) Portugu&ecirc;s (BR) Nederlands hangugeo          Contact Tumblr   Email  Name   Subject   Details    Attach a screenshot

