Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Information we share 
 We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
 
 
 With your consent 
 We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. With domain administrators 
 If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
 
 view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install. change your account password. suspend or terminate your account access. access or retain information stored as part of your account. receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings. For external processing 
 We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For legal reasons 
 We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
 
 meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.  