
Tip We collect and use your information below to provide our Services and to measure and improve them over time (2). 
 
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you (2). 
 
We may use your contact information to help others find your Twitter account, including through third-party services and client applications (1). 
 
We may later suggest people to follow on Twitter based on your imported address book contacts, which you can delete from Twitter at any time (1). 
 
If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request (1). 
 
This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from Twitter within a few weeks of your disconnecting from Twitter your account on the other service (2). 
 
Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world (NEG).  
 
Most of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public (NEG). 
 
Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public for as long as you do not delete it from Twitter, but we generally give you settings to make the information more private if you want (1). 
 
Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated (2). 
 
For instance, your public user profile information and public Tweets may be searchable by search engines and are immediately delivered via SMS and our APIs to a wide range of users and services, with one example being the United States Library of Congress, which archives Tweets for historical purposes (1). 
 
We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as Tweeting with your location, and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow (2). 
 
We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on (NEG). 
 
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles or lists (2). 
 
Twitter may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services (2). 
 
Twitter uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them (2). 
 
If not already done earlier, for example, as provided below for Widget Data, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months (1). 
 
We may tailor content for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate Twitter buttons or widgets (1). 
 
After a maximum of 10 days, we start the process of deleting or aggregating Widget Data, which is usually instantaneous but in some cases may take up to a week (NEG). 
 
While we have the Widget Data, we may use it to tailor content for you, such as suggestions for people to follow on Twitter (1). 
 
Twitter uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics (1). 
 
Third-party ad partners may share information with us, like a browser cookie ID or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure ad quality and tailor ads (1). 
 
For example, this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in (NEG). 
 
 
