 When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.

 We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).

 When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.

 details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.
 telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.
 Internet protocol address.
 device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
 cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account. 

 When you use a location-enabled Google service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.

This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.

 We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.

 We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device.

