Your username, password and e-mail address when you register for an Instagram account. 

Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number).

User Content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service. 

Communications between you and Instagram.

 If you choose to find your friends through (i) your device's contacts list, then Instagram will access your contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Instagram. 

 If you choose to find your friends through a (ii) third-party social media site, then you will be prompted to set up a link to the third-party service and you understand that any information that such service may provide to us will be governed by this Privacy Policy. 

These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. 

 When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use Instagram and provide features to you. 

 When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. 

 When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." 

For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. 
 Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. 
