Account Information: When you create an account on the Services (an " Account "), we'll ask you for information such as your username, password, age, and email address (" Account Information "). 

Email Communications with Us: As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us. 

Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services: In order to do so, you may provide us with your username or other user ID for a Third Party Service, and you may then be required to log into that Service. After you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your content to that service when you ask us to. We do not receive or store your passwords for your Third Party Service accounts.

Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you. Such information could include, for example, your gender, if you have disclosed that information to that third party and made it available for Tumblr to access. 

Information About User Content: In some cases, we may collect information about content you provide to the Services. For example, when it's included as part of your images, we may collect information describing your camera, camera settings, or EXIF information. 

Financial Information: We will sometimes collect financial information, such as information related to your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). 

We do not, however, store that financial information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the " Payment Processor "), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor's applicable terms of service and privacy policy (the Payment Processor may also have other terms, and you are responsible for locating and familiarizing yourself with those terms, as applicable). We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and identity theft.

 Information Related to Use of the Services: We collect information about how people use the Services, including those with an Account. This type of information may be collected in our log files each time you interact with (i.e., make a request to) the Services. 

We also collect your IP Address when you make a post, particularly when you submit an anonymous "Ask." 

Information Related to Your Web Browser: We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, such as your browser type and version, what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your language preference, the website or service that referred you to the Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your screen display information, and information from any cookies we have placed on your web browser (as described below). We also sometimes detect whether you are using certain web browser extensions and store that information in a manner associated with your Account. 

 Location Information: In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation. 

Ha ha, no, we just check out your IP address or any location data you attach to a post. 

Information Related to Your Mobile Device: We may collect and store information related to your mobile device. In some cases, we, or Yahoo (who we use for mobile analytics and other services), may receive, generate, or assign your mobile device a unique identifier for the purposes described above in "Information Related to Use of the Services." We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor authentication for Account login. 

Information Collected Using Cookies and Web Tags: Cookies are text files that may be sent to and saved by your web browser when you access a website; your web browser stores these cookies in a way associated with each website you visit, and you can generally see your cookies through your browser settings, depending on what browser you're using. 

Some services that we use (including Third Party Services), such as Google Analytics and Yahoo Web Analytics, use web tags and may also place their own cookies on your browser, and individual blogs on our network may contain code that places their own cookies. W

Information About Your Contacts: Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists. For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services. As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can "follow" their blogs. 


